# MY PROJECTS

2019 - CODICEC5i Direct Commerce to the C5i Center, a mobile application (iOS, Android) that has the purpose of being a direct link with the corporations, to more efficiently service in the event of a crime in commerces. (Angular, Cordova, Ionic Framework 4, Node JS)

2019 - WCF Service for App CODICE C5i, Web Service for communication of CODICE C5i application with the database. (WCF, C#, SQL Server)

2019 – Mujeres Seguras, Mobile application (iOS, Android) that contains a panic button to help women if they are at risk within the state of Sonora (Angular, Cordova, Ionic 4 Framework, Google Maps)

2019 - WCF Service for mobile application Mujeres Seguras, Service specialized in communication with the Mujeres Seguras application, to carry out the follow-up of the Alerts generated by the users, as well as to store basic registration data and obtain information catalogs for the different application pages. (WCF, C#, SQL Server, Node Js)

2019 - WCF Service for Biometric Identification of people using Megamatcher Framework. Dedicated web service to interconnect applications whether mobile or desktop and can consume the methods to identify people.

2018 - Development of a Professional Police Career Service Monitoring Tool, with the objective of Integrating all the academic and work history of the elements of the State Police of Sonora (ASP.NET, MVC5, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, C#, MySQL)

2017 - Development of the Public Security Human Resources Web application, an administrative tool to control the personnel of the public security secretary in its different movements (High, Low, Admission Changes, etc.). (ASP.NET, MVC5, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, C#, MySQL)

2016 - Development of Web Application for the control of Police Intellectual Capital, controls the courses and training of public security elements, as well as personnel of other corporations, having the ability to print proof of validation of the course with QR code for your check. (ASP.NET, MVC5, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, C#).

2016 - Development of Web Application for the control of public and private security personnel, taking control of the identification card, capturing personal and professional data of the element. (ASP.NET, MVC5, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, C#)

2015 - Desktop Application Development for Facial Photo Capture and fingertprints for multibiometric control of public and private security personnel. (C# WinForms, Megamatcher (Neurotechnology), SQL Server).

2015 - Development Multibiometric consultation application Megamatcher System (Neurotechnology) in Windows Form environment and programming language C# and SQL Server database.

2014 - SUCOMovil Application Development iOS Version for iPhone and iPad (Objective-C xCode)

2013 - Application development for the control of police equipment, official vehicles and weapons of public security personnel (ASP.NET, C#, AJAX, Jquery, MySQL)

2012 - Development of a web application for the control of the municipal elements of the secretary of public security (ASP.NET, C#, AJAX, Jquery, MySQL)

2011 - Development of web application for request control systems (ASP.NET, C#, Jquery, AJAX, MySQL)

2011- Development and implementation of desktop application for the children's center for neurobehavioral development (CIDEN) "Subrogation System". (C#, SQL Server)

2010 - Development of the website of the State Mental Health Service http://www.saludmentalsonora.gob.mx (Apache, MySQL, Joomla)

2009 - Implementation of the “Mental Health Services Administration” System for the Secretary of Mental Health (SESAM) of the state of Sonora. (C#, SQL Server)
